Add information about stable releases in README (#11700)
apple/foundationdb: README.md

## Getting Started

### Latest Stable Releases

The lastest stable releases are (were) versions that are recommended for production use, which have been extensively validated via simulation and real cluster tests and used in our production environment.

| Branch   |     Latest Production Release      |  Notes |
|:--------:|:-------------:|------:|
| 7.3      |  [7.3.43](https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/releases/tag/7.3.43) | Supported |
| 7.2      |   | Experimental branch |
| 7.1      |  [7.1.57](https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/releases/tag/7.1.57)   |   Bug fixes |
| 7.0      |           |   Experimental branch |
| 6.3      |  [6.3.25](https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/releases/tag/6.3.25) |   Unsupported |

> - Supported branches are those we actively maintain and will publish new patch releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Supported` branches are those we actively maintain and will publish new patch releases.
```

> - Bug fixes are branches we still accept bug fixes, but may not publish new patch releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Bug fixes` are branches for which we still accept bug fixes, but they may not receive any new features.
```

Also, what is meant by "but may not publish new patch releases"? Does that mean that we are not going to patch the bugs, or we are not deploying new features? We may want to be more explicit on what to expect for future patch releases.

Author: We'll patch the bug in the branch's code, but we may not create newer patch releases. I.e., community can build their own release binaries if needed.

> - Experimental branches are those for internal feature testing purpose, thus not recommended for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Experimental` branches are those used for internal feature testing. They are not recommended for production use.
```

> - Unsupported branches are those we no longer fix bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Unsupported` branches are those which will no longer receive any updates.
```

> If you are running on old production releases, we recommend always upgrading to the next major release's latest version, and then continue to the next major version, e.g., 6.2.X -> 6.3.25 -> 7.1.57 -> 7.3.43. These upgrade paths have been well tested in production (skipping a major release for an upgrade is only tested in simulation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running on old production releases, we recommend always upgrading to the next major release's latest version, and then continue to the next major version, e.g., 6.2.X -> 6.3.25 -> 7.1.57 -> 7.3.43. These upgrade paths have been well tested in production (skipping a major release (not marked as `Experimental`) for an upgrade is only tested in simulation).
```
